hi everyone is melissa from all think
she can die have grace with me today she
is my beautiful assistant and we're
going to show you how easy it is to use
ha jewels hot jewels are metallic
temporary tattoos they are so fun such a
great way to accessorize they come in
golden silver and there's tons of
different patterns there's tribal
there's classic there's feathers right
you like the feathers so it's so easy to
use now they come in a sheet like this
and what you want to do first is you
want to cut out exactly what you want so
you don't want to try to use the whole
sheet to put on so we cut out this
little little section right here then
all you want to do is pull off the clear
protective sheet before it before you do
anything you need to make sure your skin
is clean you don't want to put these on
/ lotion / sunscreen over makeup you
want to make sure that your skin is is
just dry and clean so for her see I'm
you going to use this one right so we
measure it around her wrist so we're
going to cut it to fit then all we do is
peel off the plastic and we're going to
press the tattoo onto her skin I'm going
to have the scene going on the bottom of
her wrist like this all matched up here
we go now you just hold it right there
first again then all you do is take I
use paper towel you can use you know
sponge or cloth dip it in water does it
need to be soaking wet it just needs to
be damp and then we're going to put it
on top of her tattoo and just kind of
hold it there for you no no too long
maybe 20 seconds 30 seconds doesn't
to take forever and it will again it
will depend on the size of your tattoo
if you're doing a bigger tattoo you're
going to want more water probably wait a
little bit longer how does it feel Gold
feels weird but these are so great they
actually last on this a really long time
I've had ones last up to a week and then
you just peel it off slowly and
carefully and you have a hot jewel very
chic and ready to go so that's all there
is to it remember hot jewels and we'll
put a link in the comments to show you
where you can buy them thanks